# script ideas & categories
check_disk.sh -> disk_diagnostic
check_if_file_exists.sh -> fileio
check_if_folder_exists.sh -> fileio
compress_a_file.sh -> compression
filter_text_file.sh -> fileio
fork_bomb.sh -> demo_do_not_run
loops.sh -> control_flow
mount_drive.sh -> diskio
ping_local_hosts.sh -> local_network
print_disk_usage.sh -> diskio
print_local_hosts.sh -> local_network
print_mounted_drives.sh -> diskio
random_number_generator.sh -> math
read_file_contents.sh -> fileio
read_webpage.sh(src/text) -> web 
repair_disk.sh -> disk_diagnostic
replace_text_in_file.sh -> fileio
return_bool_to_conditional.sh -> control_flow
search_for.sh -> search
unmount_drive.sh -> diskio
write_to_file.sh -> fileio
write_to_serial_port.sh -> gpio

# issues
relative directory calls are probably wrong
